If you're going to do crypto in node or
the browser,
you should probably just use libsodium
because it's so easy to mess things up.
Otherwise, that it's just not even
something that you should do.
So libsodium or NaCl, is,
a package written by, DJB who's
kind of prominent cryptographer.
And this library provides a suite
of tools that are kind of good
quality crypto, so
it doesn't have any bad crypto in it.
There is a lot of bad crypto even
things like elliptic curves,
not all of those are created equal.
So here I have a list of
curves that have known flaws.
It so happens that NaCl uses 25519 keys
which don't have any
known flaws right now.
But things like the curve
that Bitcoin uses this one,
p256k1 has known flaws and whatever.
It's probably eventually going to
become a problem, I would expect.
Maybe not just yet, but who knows what
people are doing with these curves?
So there's like a lot of details that
you kind of like really have to be
aware of if you're using something
like the node-crypto-api.
Make sure the algorithms that
you're using are correct and
you have to like pack everything
in a very specific way.
There is all kinds of like padding that
you have to be very careful when for
example where you're sending things,
like you have to frame your messages
that they are the right length.
But it turns out that's a pretty common
way to attack a protocol as well.
So it's good to use audited libraries.
Unfortunately, there aren't
very many ways that I know for
doing some of these higher
level use cases very well.
But, To use libsodium in
node in the browser,
you can use this package called chloride.
So chlorides wraps the NaCl API, so
you get all of these crypto_box methods.
Unfortunately, these packages don't
have very good documentation themselves.
But you can read the documentation for
the the CAPI and kind of like,
think about what it
would be in JavaScript.
Because, okay, maybe you don't have to
pass in a pointer where the data is gonna
be stored, but
it will return a new buffer.
So I see a question on the chat.
That is, what is entropy?
So entropy is randomness.
And if your randomness isn't good enough,
then can cause you
problems because we use entropy to
generate things like key pairs.
And if those key pairs aren't secure,
if they're predictable,
then that means that adversaries can
figure out our crypto system and
break it Okay, so speaking of entropy,
why don't we look at how you can generate
a signing keypair and a box keypair.
So signing_keypairs are used to
verify the integrity of chunks
of data with these are algorithms that
are related to hashing functions.
A crypto box keypair will
generate a key pair that's
useful if you want to send
someone an encrypted message
to a public key,
you can use crypto box keypair.
So I'm gonna go ahead and
require chloride in the node repple.
And we can do these two methods so
we can do crypto_sign_keypair,
and we get public key and a secret key.
So the public key, we can give anyone.
The secret key, of course, all of you
have seen this both on the Internet and
in this classroom.
So it's not a very secret key at all, but
usually you wouldn't
give this to anyone else.
Probably it would only even
live on a single system,
as a good practice for
dealing with secret keys.
So if you wanna, for example, write
these out to a file, you can save that.
And then do for
each of the public key buffer and
secret key buffer,
you can convert them into hex.
Or you could convert them to base64 and
then you could save them
out to a JSON file.
That's what I typically do when
I'm doing this kind of stuff.
So we can generate
a JSON string like this,
do JSON.stringify({ publicKey,
and secretKey,
toString('hex').
And now we have some string,
we could stick this in a file.
We could stick this in IndexedDb as well.
Of course, if you do that,
you also need to be aware that the server
can send you whatever data it wants or
a cross site scripting attack on
a website could read that key in as well.
So it's just a lot of things you have
to keep in mind when you're trying
to build something that's not
horribly insecure, just [LAUGH]